1. CHALKBORD shall set up a digital educational platform/application conducting virtual, interactive classes and lectures to impart education and knowledge in accordance with government approved academic curriculum to students of different classes. CHALKBORD shall design courses for different classes and different subjects. You may select the course/courses that you wish to pursue/attend from amongst the available choice of courses provided by CHALKBORD. A "course", for a specific topic, shall mean to be a compilation of information and knowledge on that topic which would be delivered to you in the form of interactive lectures and virtual classes conducted by CHALKBORD's competent teachers.  Access to our application would be granted and teaching services would be provided in accordance with the Registration process provided on our website and upon receipt of full fees paid with respect to the selected course/courses.  
2. All information, study material, resources, supplies, content, notes ("Resources") whether in written, graphical, audio, video, numerical or any other format/medium, whether in the form of software or hardware, to which you may gain access through our website or application, as a part of your course, and all trade names, trademarks, trade secrets, business secrets, logos, service marks and all other related information of the Company, (whether distinctively marked or not), shall at all times, remain the property of CHALKBORD and CHALKBORD shall, at all times, hold exclusive copyrights, patents, trademarks and any other proprietary right with respect to such Resources and information. If any information on the website or application, is the intellectual property of any third party, you agree that such information, shall at all times, remain the property of the third party and you shall not exercise any rights, title or interest over the same. 
3. No proprietary information or resources of CHALKBORD shall be copied, transferred, modified, reversed engineered, decompiled, transmitted, deleted, uploaded, downloaded, shared, amended, published, reproduced, accessed or used in any manner without the prior permission of CHALKBORD and only in accordance with these terms of services. No use of access of the information and resources of CHALKBORD shall be deemed to confer any rights, titles, interests (personal or commercial) or license over such information or resources.
4. The website may be accessed, the application may be used, or the services may be availed of, at all times, only and only for personal use and shall not be utilized for any commercial purposes. 
5. You shall be granted access to our application and services shall be provided to you on a non-exclusive basis and nothing contained herein is intended to or shall be deemed to create any partnership, joint venture, employment or relationship of principal and agent between the you and CHALKBORD.
6. Persons competent to enter into a contract as per the Indian Contract Act, 1872, shall be permitted to use our application or services. Our application or services may be used by minors, provided that, the parents/legal guardians of such minors have agreed to these terms of services. In case of use of our application or services by minors, or enrollment of minors to attend any course, it shall be presumed by CHALKBORD that such use/enrollment is subject to supervision of the parents/legal guardians and that the parents/legal guardian has accepted our terms of service. 
CHALKBORD SHALL NOT, IN ANY MANNER, BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES THAT MAY ARISE IN CASE OF YOUR INCOMPETENCY TO ENTER INTO THIS CONTRACT OR TO ACCEPT THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
7. The applications and services provided by CHALKBORD are in the form of additional guidance services or additional coaching services for the users, with respect to government authorized syllabus and curriculum for different Educational Boards, subjects and classes. In no manner, does CHALKBORD, directly or indirectly, imply, intend or advise the use of our application and services as a replacement or substitute for the central, state or any other government approved educational/academic curriculum and courses.
8. Your use of our application and services shall be subject to restrictions and the following activities would be strictly prohibited during each course-
    * Use of any abusive, threatening, obscene, vulgar, hateful, libelous language, derogatory remarks against anyone based on any discrimination related to race, religion, caste, sex, sexual preference, political ideology or any other discriminatory factor.
    * Stalking or attempting to stalk or any other form of harassment.
    * Introducing or attempting to introduce any virus, malware, spyware, trojan horse, bugs, worms, spam, ransomware in our software, hardware, networks, servers, our application or the website  or committing any act that would interfere with any other person's access and use of our application and services.
    * Knowingly submitting any false details or information during registration or further use, gaining or attempting to gain unauthorized access to our application and services by submitting false information or otherwise.
9. CHALKBORD shall also be under an obligation to refrain from using any any abusive, threatening, obscene, vulgar, hateful, libelous language, derogatory remarks against anyone based on any discrimination related to race, religion, caste, sex, sexual preference, political ideology or any other unfair discriminatory factor and to refrain from indulging in any acts of stalking or harassment. 
10. By accepting our terms of service, you agree to grant us the rights to use and process your information, details, including certain personal information for the purpose of providing you access to our application and our services. CHALKBORD undertakes that it shall, at all times, use and process all your information in accordance with all applicable data processing laws and regulations. CHALKBORD further undertakes that it shall keep such information confidential and use/process this information, only for the purpose of providing services under these terms and no other purpose. However, this obligation of confidentiality shall not apply in the event CHALKBORD receives a subpoena or other validly issued administrative or judicial order or other process requiring disclosure of the such Information.
11. The application(s) developed by CHALKBORD is for educational purposes and all information provided to you thereunder has been compiled by CHALKBORD by exercising reasonable efforts to ensure its accuracy. Nevertheless, all information provided to you under the courses, lectures, classes, sessions etc. conducted on our application is provided strictly on an "AS-IS" basis and CHALKBORD or its Teachers assume no liability towards the accuracy, correctness, use or fitness for particular purpose. CHALKBORD shall be under no obligation to update the information or correct any errors in the information. CHALKBORD shall also not be liable with respect to the correctness, accuracy and use of any information made available under our application, that may be the property of a third party or any contradictory opinion regarding the information provided by CHALKBORD
12. CHALKBORD shall not be under an obligation to provide compatible hardware, software or network connections necessary for running our application or attending our courses. CHALKBORD shall not be liable in case of any damage to your computer system arising out of installation and running our application, in a manner contrary to the instructions provided by us for installation and running of the application. 
13. You agree that CHALKBORD may contact you via SMS, emails, calls or any other medium to provide you with updates/information or any notifications regarding its ongoing and upcoming courses and you expressly grant CHALKBORD the permission to do so. 
14. Once your enrolment for a course is confirmed, it shall be your sole discretion to attend, participate in and complete the course. You shall not be entitled to receive refund of fees paid, in case of your failure, by choice, to attend the course during the stipulated schedule.
15. CHALKBORD reserves the right to block your access to our application/website and discontinue providing you services for a specific course, in the event of breach of any of our terms of services or any applicable laws by you, during that course, without any obligation to provide prior notice to you. In case of discontinuance of service or blocking of access to the courses by CHALKBORD, due to breach of terms or applicable laws by you, CHALKBORD shall not be under any obligation to provide you any refund of any amount against the payments made by you to CHALKBORD for the concerned course.
16. CHALKBORD also reserves the right to block your access to our application/services/courses, for any other purposes or for convenience, if it deems fit. In case of blocking access to a course for convenience, CHALKBORD shall provide refund of fees paid in respect of or in proportion with the value of the unfinished portion of the course. 
17. You shall also be entitled to receive refund of fees paid in respect of or in proportion with the value of the unfinished portion of a course, in case you cancel your enrolment to that course, due to material breach by CHALKBORD of its obligations under Clause 9 or breach of its confidentiality and data protection obligations under Clause 10, during that course.
18. In the event either Party is unable to perform its obligations under the terms of service, because of acts of God, strikes, epidemics and pandemics, natural calamities like earthquakes, floods or other causes reasonably beyond its control, such Party shall not be liable for damages to the other for any damages resulting from such failure to perform or otherwise from such causes. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall be entitled to receive refund of the value of the unfinished portion of a course if, the above-mentioned acts of God or Force Majeure event subsists for a period of thirty days (30) days and above and you choose to cancel your enrollment to the unfinished part of that course due to subsistence of the Force Majeure event.
19. You agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by you of any of the terms of service and hereby agree to that CHALKBORD shall be entitled to seek compensation in the form of injunctive relief or specific performance.
20. To the fullest extent permitted under law, you shall, at all times, indemnify CHALKBORD and hold CHALKBORD harmless against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, reasonable legal fees, including third party claims, arising out of or due to breach of any terms of services, confidentiality obligations, any applicable laws, including privacy and data protection laws or rules for the time being in force.
21. The Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India, without regard to conflict of law principles. Further, all disputes arising under, out of, or in any way connected with these terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Pune, India and You hereby accede to and accept the jurisdiction of such courts.
22. The failure by CHALKBORD to enforce or exercise any provision of these terms, or any related right or the waiver by CHALKBORD hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other subsequent breach.
23. In the event that any provision of these terms shall be deemed to be severable or invalid, and if any term, condition, phrase, clause or portion of these terms shall be determined to be unlawful or otherwise unenforceable, the remainder of these terms shall remain in full force and effect.
