### Terminology
For explanation of terms used in this document please refer:
[Terminology](../common/terminology.md)

### Policy
`Provider` is a teaching services company and is aware of the responsibility of handling data generated by the
participants on its product and services. Majority of our users will be minors. We aim to take the lead in terms of having
a framework for dealing with the complications of protecting their privacy on the Internet medium. 
We take several key steps to protect the privacy of the consumer:

#### Choice of Services
* We avoided using managed services for storing user data
* Data stored is in cloud services with which we have data protection related SLA
* We try our best to not jeopardize user data to related third parties
* With communication service based third parties we need to communicate transactional alerts, we encapsulate and only share information that is absolutely needed 

#### Encryption
* All of our services are available only via HTTPS with lets encrypt TLS certificates in place.

#### Access and collection
* We do collect only the amount of data that is required to offer the best service.
* All of our systems are designed to serve and use data only on a need-to basis

#### Allocation of Data Officer
* `Provider` has allocated a data officer for the purpose of privacy and data related query.
* For privacy and data sharing related queries, please feel free to contact the `DPO(Data Protection Officer)` mentioned in [Contacts](../common/contact.md)

#### Provision for complete data wipe
* If the `user` wants to wipe the data completely, including the entire account, events etc. we have provision to file a request for the same.
* For such queries, please `DPO(Data Protection Officer)` mentioned in [Contacts](../common/contact.md)
* By the very nature of anonymous data, we can not ensure the deletion of anonymized analytics event data

#### Analytics and Anonymization
* As is common for technology driven platforms we always keep analyzing user events and usage patterns to decide a direction of our products
* We do use third party products to ensure effective analytics 
* We do not share user identifiable data with our third party providers
* We have special audits in place to ensure the previous point
* We have a special anonymization stage that all event data must go through before entering our analytics pipeline

```
We understand the responsibility of dealing with data generated
by legal minors and the threats they face on a day to day basis
on the online platforms. We make our best effort to serve their 
educational interests well.
We welcome any improvement recommendation to this policy through
proper feedback channels.
```
